well hello guys it's amazing like I one
two three and this time I'm doing my
final 2013 like I dream a speedos review
this is a final one of 2013 which means
the next wave is the 2014 speedos it
include this is Grissom which is the
tower target you can see Grissom but
there and tower target number is amiss
translucent blue speedo and cards and it
is number 30 and you deliver yellow rip
cord which the only other tribe to have
the yellow record is the lines goes on
speed or curves with a blue ripcord same
as the Eagles and I'm got on the back
row exercise of prism the simple dotted
line how to open to open the box and the
how to accomplish tile target and we've
got the croc Trump swamp jump and
tail target which i have previously
reviewed those two so now let's go ahead
open it up build it and take a look hey
and there is your tower target um
nothing I can say is this one is really
good one definitely and as always I will
stop with the cards first of all we have
Grissom they got Grissom on there then
we've got ground breaker and by the
looks of it he's smashing the tower
target with his hammer and he is channel
I'd really like Phil Duchy uh build and
then we got the 38 er which is probably
his power up never got tree hugger X
which is the speedo
and then got Jabba which is the exact
same code name Krug has I believe then
we're back to Grissom and they are very
similar that is just a zoomed in version
of fat which is pretty cool okay so at
the gods here is reason and he is one of
the new gorillaz that came out when
similar there is his weapon it's a big
tree hammer smashing things with and he
is also in warriors come back there this
is the cheapest way to get him as you
can see he is the white gorilla because
he's got some really really nice like
detailing and torso detailing then this
piece doesn't really have much detailing
is blue and white then you can see his
two faces one's a bit mad when the other
isn't and then we'll got the butt
printing there and he does have this
blue speedo you should know how to go on
now he just snapped the top off and this
cat piece for the gorillas is a
translucent blue version of bosons
speedo case because there he is the only
of the gorilla Tom speedo and then the
powerup is just simply those two pieces
there and yeah he's got a pretty cool
the speedo and the yellow ripcord to go
with it yeah of course should you get
the 6g crystals with you
right now get them in every speed or set
course and then I'm with the arch was
set here is at our target and the main
objective is to take your speed or and
go here and try and hit it the highest
so the higher you hit it if you hit it
the highest so if your opponent gets it
to about the orange marker there and
then you get it to maximum cheap power
on the blue you will win and how it
works is you got this here and that
pushes on that there which then pushes
that lever up and of course that is
angled down so that we can they say that
it works properly you can see they've
even got some trees on here because this
is supposed to be in the gorilla forest
and then the buck is pretty plain and
just pretty much see how the feature
works and then on the side there nothing
too fancy so without further ado I shall
put camera and let's try out the tower
target may be better to stick those
understood so we can get some maximum
cheap power
that's better okay so the leather starts
right at the bottom line you got to try
and get it up to maximum tree power if
you can so the faster the speed or is
his Charge the faster the speed or the
better so let's go and look we actually
did get it to maximum cheap hour so
let's try that again we put our rip cord
in and go again that time we only got it
to the orange marker which isn't maximum
cheap power and we'll try one more time
and then show you a slow-motion replay
I've got hand it just hitting back my
studio the case popped up what we slow
motion replaying that let's just go one
more time and try and get it into the
tower target there we go again maximum
cheap power which is what you're a need
to get if you want to win so now let's
look at a slow-motion replay and go on
to the ratings for the set
okay so now that you have seen that slow
motion replay now let's go into the
rating sponsor and overall again just
like the clock Trump I'm going to have
to give this money 10 really really a
good speedo challenge where you can just
fit on that and it pushes the chiba look
to maximum tree if you want they can
angle that a bit if you want but it's on
that hinge so you can get it at the
right angle and if you do it really slow
it will push it up there good speed if
this video's to go all the way through
it will push it up here then it will
just fall the lover will just fall back
to what it is Biff it goes full power
well fricking it is a bit hard it will
stay on cheap hour so also a very good
way to get Grissom because this is the
only other way to get them the only
other way to get him is in worries
combat LA so this is the cheaper option
I dare a translucent gorilla speedo
there's pretty awesome cards so please
like comment subscribe and I will see
you again very soon